DOC-7123 APM sweep (#3783)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/agents/ruby-agent/troubleshooting/control-when-ruby-agent-starts.mdx

  - Agents
  - Ruby agent
  - Troubleshooting

> metaDescription: 'When using APM's Ruby agent, you can prevent the newrelic_rpm gem from starting, or force it to start if it is not reporting data.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: When using APM's Ruby agent, you can prevent the newrelic_rpm gem from starting, or force it to start if it is not reporting data.
```
